GitHub DS Plugin docs (#292)
grafana/github-datasource: docs/sources/variables-and-macros/macros.md

---

> slug: '/macros'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

title: 'Macros'
menuTitle: Macros

> description: Using macros for the GitHub data source plugin

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Learn about the macros you can use in the GitHub data source plugin for Grafana
```

keywords:
  - data source
  - github
  - github repository
  - API
labels:
  products:
    - oss
    - enterprise
    - cloud
weight: 202
---

# Macros

> A Macro is a feature that allows you to simplify the syntax and add dynamic parts to your queries. They help make your queries more flexible and adaptable to changing conditions. It's important to note that while not all data source plugins have macros as it availability and implementation depends on the specific design and capabilities of each plugin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A macro is a feature that allows you to simplify the syntax and add dynamic parts to your queries.
They help make your queries more flexible.
```

> The GitHub data source plugin do support the macro feature and you can use the following macros in your queries:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The GitHub data source plugin for Grafana supports the following macros:
```

---
slug: '/macros'
title: 'Macros'
menuTitle: Macros

> description: Using Macros for the GitHub data source plugin

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
description: Using macros for the GitHub data source plugin
```

aliases:
  - github
keywords:
  - data source
  - github
  - github repository
  - API
labels:
  products:
    - oss
    - enterprise
    - cloud
weight: 202
---

# Macros

A macro is a feature that allows you to simplify the syntax and add dynamic parts to your queries. They help make your queries more flexible and adaptable to changing conditions.

You can use the following macros in your queries

> | Macro Name | Syntax                     | Description                                                              | Example                                                                              |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Macro name | Syntax                     | Description                                                              | Example                                                                              |
```
